Add Link object to schema reference (#1431)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/reference.md

```{jsonschema} ../../build/current_lang/release-package-schema.json
:include: publisher
```

### Link

> The `Link` object is used in the `links` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entries of the top-level `links` array are `Link` objects:
```

```{field-description} ../../build/current_lang/release-schema.json /properties/links
```

```{jsonschema} ../../build/current_lang/release-schema.json
:pointer: /definitions/Link
```

> Links are used to reference related resources that describe the *same* release or contracting process. Links should not be used to reference related contracting processes. To reference related processes, see [RelatedProcess](#relatedprocess).

Reviewer: Put paragraphs above jsonschema tables, so that they are easier to find and more likely to be read.

This should be the first paragraph, since it is about semantics.

Can we also add a quick example after the first sentence?

Reviewer: Actually, the description in the schema is already clear: https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/blob/1.2-dev/schema/release-schema.json#L122

Instead of this paragraph, we should just cite the schema description (as in this PR using `field-description`).

To make the point about using `relatedProcesses`, we should instead add to the schema description, e.g.:

> For references to related processes, see the `relatedProcesses` array.

Author: Done in https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1431/commits/aa09c5c8cd09205be5485575b4dc0e6a42986872

> Links are used to reference related resources that describe the *same* release or contracting process. Links should not be used to reference related contracting processes. To reference related processes, see [RelatedProcess](#relatedprocess).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links are used to reference related resources that describe the *same* release or contracting process. Links must not be used to reference related contracting processes. To reference related processes, see [RelatedProcess](#relatedprocess).
```
